README.md, before:

# DIY-Bike-Power
Repository containing source files of Demand for Energy Equality's guide on "DIY Bike Power" in a machine readable format to ease speed of translation and increase accessibility

## Introduction
This repository has taken the content of the ["DIY Bike Power"](https://www.demandenergyequality.org/build-your-own-bike-generators) PDF and put them into a form which can be easily corrected, improved and translated by the community using LaTeX a markdown language for technical topics.

## Notes
Please note the modifications which have been made & where you can find updates.
1. All the content of the PDF and put them into a form which can be easily corrected, improved and translated by the community using LaTeX a markdown language for technical topics.
2. Any updates, corrections or translations to the PDF will be available at <a href="https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power">https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power</a> so do return periodically to check if you have the latest version.
3. Modifications from the original work includes typo correction, card merging & consistency consolidation (see the commit history for [en] for the specific changes if any).

Feel free to share the PDFs and give the repository a star so more people are likely to see this work and can get the most out of it.

## Usage
If you're just looking for the content, find the relevant PDF file in your language in the table below or by navigating the folder structure above and click the download button. If you're looking for the source it is. To build these PDFs we have been using Sublime Text with a LaTeX addon to help build it faster, better and more accurately than with other tools but you can use whatever works best for you.

| Language code | Language | Title | Status | Preview | Download |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `en`  | English  | DIY Bike Power | In progress | [here](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/blob/main/en/en_diy_bike_power.pdf) | [here](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/raw/main/en/en_diy_bike_power.pdf) |

## Potential Improvements Yet to be Made
1. To find a way to systematically pull the content if there are any updates from the original source in the future.
    - Currently this was all done manually.
2. We would like to be able to translate the content for different languages so other people who don't speak English can learn this topic or be able to make textbooks for other languages as well.
3. Turn the content into a set of flashcards to learn about the topic and make it even more accessible to learn & revise.

## Contributing
Pull requests, corrections, translations & fixes are welcome. Any contributions must be submitted under the same license that the original piece of work (see below). Take a look at any open issues or submit new ones if there is something that needs to be fixed or added.

### Translating for other languages
Translations in all languages are welcome. Send a pull request or open an issue any time of day or night.

**Please prepend the tag `[lang-code]` to your issues and pull requests.** For example, `[fr]` for French. This will help everyone pick out things they care about.

We're happy for any contribution in any form, but if you're making more than one major change (i.e. translations for two different languages) it would be super cool of you to make a separate pull request for each one so that someone can review them more effectively and/or individually.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more guidance and details for making a contribution.

## License
Unless otherwise specified, everything in this repository is covered by the following licence:

[![Creative Commons License](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

This work was based on the work ***DIY Bike Power*** by [Demand Energy Equality](https://www.demandenergyequality.org/), licensed under a [ Creative Commons BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

To see this work in full go to https://www.demandenergyequality.org/build-your-own-bike-generators

----

<b>
<div align="center">
    The creation, maintenance and continued development of this project is made possible
    <br>
    thanks to our <a href="http://patreon.com/darigovresearch">Patreon</a> and <a href="https://www.darigovresearch.com/donate">Direct</a> supporters!
    <br>
    Consider joining them if you think this project has earned it!
</div>
</b>

Commit message:

feat: Adds Latest table for translation status, Closes #7

README.md, after:

# DIY-Bike-Power
Repository containing source files of Demand for Energy Equality's guide on "DIY Bike Power" in a machine readable format to ease speed of translation and increase accessibility

## Introduction
This repository has taken the content of the ["DIY Bike Power"](https://www.demandenergyequality.org/build-your-own-bike-generators) PDF and put them into a form which can be easily corrected, improved and translated by the community using LaTeX a markdown language for technical topics.

## Notes
Please note the modifications which have been made & where you can find updates.
1. All the content of the PDF and put them into a form which can be easily corrected, improved and translated by the community using LaTeX a markdown language for technical topics.
2. Any updates, corrections or translations to the PDF will be available at <a href="https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power">https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power</a> so do return periodically to check if you have the latest version.
3. Modifications from the original work includes typo correction, card merging & consistency consolidation (see the commit history for [en] for the specific changes if any).

Feel free to share the PDFs and give the repository a star so more people are likely to see this work and can get the most out of it.

## Usage
If you're just looking for the content, find the relevant PDF file in your language in the table below or by navigating the folder structure above and click the download button. If you're looking for the source it is. To build these PDFs we have been using Sublime Text with a LaTeX addon to help build it faster, better and more accurately than with other tools but you can use whatever works best for you.

| Language code | Language | Title | Status | Preview | Download |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| `el`  | Greek | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/9) | [Pending Translation, want to help?](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/9) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/9) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/9) |
| `en`  | English  | DIY Bike Power | In progress | [here](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/blob/main/en/en_diy_bike_power.pdf) | [here](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/raw/main/en/en_diy_bike_power.pdf) |
| `es`  | Spanish  | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/2) | [Pending Translation, want to help?](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/2) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/2) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/2) |
| `fr`  | French  | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/3) | [Pending Translation, want to help?](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/3) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/3) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/3) |
| `it`  | Italian  | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/1) | [Pending Translation, want to help?](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/1) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/1) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/1) |
| `ru`  | Russian  | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/10) | [Pending Translation, want to help?](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/10) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/10) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/10) |
| `sh`  | Serbo-Croatian  | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/4) | [Pending Translation, want to help?](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/4) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/4) | [TODO](https://github.com/darigovresearch/DIY-Bike-Power/issues/4) |

## Potential Improvements Yet to be Made
1. To find a way to systematically pull the content if there are any updates from the original source in the future.
    - Currently this was all done manually.
2. We would like to be able to translate the content for different languages so other people who don't speak English can learn this topic or be able to make textbooks for other languages as well.
3. Turn the content into a set of flashcards to learn about the topic and make it even more accessible to learn & revise.

## Contributing
Pull requests, corrections, translations & fixes are welcome. Any contributions must be submitted under the same license that the original piece of work (see below). Take a look at any open issues or submit new ones if there is something that needs to be fixed or added.

### Translating for other languages
Translations in all languages are welcome. Send a pull request or open an issue any time of day or night.

**Please prepend the tag `[lang-code]` to your issues and pull requests.** For example, `[fr]` for French. This will help everyone pick out things they care about.

We're happy for any contribution in any form, but if you're making more than one major change (i.e. translations for two different languages) it would be super cool of you to make a separate pull request for each one so that someone can review them more effectively and/or individually.

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more guidance and details for making a contribution.

## License
Unless otherwise specified, everything in this repository is covered by the following licence:

[![Creative Commons License](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

This work was based on the work ***DIY Bike Power*** by [Demand Energy Equality](https://www.demandenergyequality.org/), licensed under a [ Creative Commons BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

To see this work in full go to https://www.demandenergyequality.org/build-your-own-bike-generators

----

<b>
<div align="center">
    The creation, maintenance and continued development of this project is made possible
    <br>
    thanks to our <a href="http://patreon.com/darigovresearch">Patreon</a> and <a href="https://www.darigovresearch.com/donate">Direct</a> supporters!
    <br>
    Consider joining them if you think this project has earned it!
</div>
</b>
